Get me a tissue, please.
Hey
How did you come up with the idea of sending flowers to Mr. Xuanyuan?
Governor Xuanyuan loves Wang Qi
Unmarried for many years
It can be seen that he has deep affection for Wang Qi
I didn't expect it.
Your observation skills are not bad
Yeah, I've been a reporter for four years.
But
It took a long time to find this
You have to make it up to me, it's really capable
So much effort
What do you want to get together?
That's definitely a raise.
Miss Xie, let me toast you.
Wait, this soup looks like mine.
Forget it, I haven't had one anyway
Miss Xia
The governor heard that you found this painting
If you have the chance
He wants to thank you in person
Thank you Governor for your love
Happy cooperation
Ah, it's finally over.
Xi Shao
We should also talk about what we just said
You just asked me what I wanted
I've thought about it.
Can you find it for me?
What's wrong with you, daughter-in-law?
Ah!